c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\bin\Debug\Chapter3.exe.config
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\bin\Debug\Chapter3.exe
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\bin\Debug\Chapter3.pdb
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Chapter3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\MatrixOperations.g.cs
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Chapter3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Chapter3_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\MatrixOperations.baml
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Chapter3.g.resources
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Chapter3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Chapter3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Chapter3.exe
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Chapter3.pdb
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\MatrixTransforms.g.cs
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\PerpendicularLine.g.cs
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\MatrixTransforms.baml
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\PerpendicularLine.baml
c:\users\bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\LineArrow.g.cs
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\LineArrow.baml
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\ObjectMatrixTransform.g.cs
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\ObjectMatrixTransform.baml
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\ScaleTransforms.g.cs
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\ScaleTransforms.baml
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\TranslateTransforms.g.cs
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\TranslateTransforms.baml
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\RotateTransforms.g.cs
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\RotateTransforms.baml
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Default.g.cs
C:\Users\Bube\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Chapter3\Chapter3\obj\Debug\Default.baml
